## Quick start

__Step 1__. Run HLC (composite of HL services). 

```bash
$ go install github.com/number571/hidden-lake/cmd/hlc@latest
$ hlc --network oi4r9NW9Le7fKF9d
### Run HLK, HLA=tcp, HLS=pinger, HLS=messenger ###
```

> The list of networks can be found here: [hidden-lake/build/networks.yml](https://github.com/number571/hidden-lake/blob/master/build/networks.yml).

__Step 2__. After launching the HLC application, a private key will be generated by HLK that reflects your identity on the Hidden Lake network. In order to start communicating with a friend, you must exchange public keys with them. 

```bash
$ go install github.com/number571/hidden-lake/cmd/hlk/client/hlk-cli@latest
### Get my public key (A) ###
$ hlk-cli -d pubkey
...
### Send my public key (A) to a friend ###
### Get friend's public key (B) from a friend ###
...
### Set friend's public key (B) ###
$ echo "PubKey{...}" | hlk-cli -d add-friend -a {{friend-name}}
```

__Step 3__. After exchange, you need to use the applied application. The Hidden Lake project provides a number of simple console applications for each service. One of these applications can be considered [hls-messenger-cli](../cmd/hls/hls-messenger/client/hls-messenger-cli/).

```bash
$ go install github.com/number571/hidden-lake/cmd/hls/hls-messenger/client/hls-messenger-cli@latest
$ hls-messenger-cli -f {{friend-name}}
### Start chatting... ###
```

## For developers

The Hidden Lake anonymous network can be supplemented with new functions and features in several ways:
1. `High-level` method. Write applications and adapters through a micro-service architecture. With this method, you can write services in any convenient programming language or technology - you just need to adhere to the `HLS API` / `HLK API`. [Examples](../examples).
2. `Middle-level` method. Use the `pkg/network` package, which is located inside the Hidden Lake project. With this method, you can write applications without using the micro-service architecture, but at the same time you gain a dependency on the Go programming language. [Examples](../pkg/network/examples).
3. `Low-level` method. Use the `go-peer` library. With this method, you can significantly change the work and specifics of the network, including the ability to eliminate traffic anonymization, leaving only E2E encryption. This approach should be chosen only if compatibility with the Hidden Lake anonymous network specification is not required. [Examples](https://github.com/number571/go-peer/tree/master/pkg/anonymity/examples).
